Add missing release note for issue tidb#53540 (#18288)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-8.2.0.md

    - Fix the issue that the `TRACE` command is missing in `copr.buildCopTasks` [#53085](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53085) @[time-and-fate](https://github.com/time-and-fate)
    - Fix the issue that the `memory_quota` hint might not work in subqueries [#53834](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53834) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
    - Fix the issue that improper use of metadata locks might lead to writing anomalous data when using the plan cache under certain circumstances [#53634](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53634) @[zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala)

>     - Fix the issue that after a statement within a transaction is killed by OOM, if you continue to execute the next statement within the current transaction, you might get an error `"Trying to start aggressive locking while it's already started"` and a panic occurs [#53540](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53540) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that after a statement within a transaction is killed by OOM, if TiDB continues to execute the next statement within the same transaction, you might get an error `Trying to start aggressive locking while it's already started` and a panic occurs [#53540](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53540) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)
```
